Little Mermaid went
Well, salt butter is
Masu Tei
Coppe bread black boss 3 body is a normal white bread feeling
I feel that I thought so, I Yappa Sadzumaｰ vinegar hard puncher feeling
Hey can you ne Well so was not a popular expected to want to eat from warm in the oven
think
The cross section of the salt butterpan on wood looks like this
Above the wispy butter is the internal use of there feeling like change
Castle of Norman
It seems that you can expect to use bread
We look to what it is or Yaokonan Tsu
The rest will eat tomorrow morning
I went through the ion while buying a turn, but there was a lotus cup
I found it but this
Certainly Hokkaido limited dot
I think that it is not a commodity, and for the time being there is nothing to say
I bought it
color
Do you think
Raining Omg good news
What does it mean?
A labeler like a vendor
Do you like a
Su'itadake Masu in great twice
Boone
Already
This is delicious
I didn't really expect to be honest
It is delicious to the page of
Yes Well because rose cans gold grilled
I think I want to eat
First of all, put on the brain of Little Mermaid's salt bread color
There is a sign that this delicious salt butter is in the middle of it .
Yup
F
Kita kita
Yup
After all the middle
Salty it's butter
Why Kaman eh
No obtained I like to eat this salt bread
You will be more inspiring and inspiring
Maybe it's delicious bread if you eat normally without knowing anything
I think I feel that not enough softening things to and made me compared to the Iwako
Square is work hard I crispy
I really like bugs
For the butter inside
No, these two people
It moist feel something many butter
But I'm down delicious delicious
I will try the next use butter
Hmm
Follow
I will
Yeah Do you like better of here
But here is do not separate that contains the putter in the middle
Manda's feet are delicious, so leave it here
Wool fur
Renko It is delicious eh
Our house
When you meet hug
I wonder if I would eat it as a swallow, and I bought cheese that I bought
Edamame
Breakthrough of green soybeans and Chitara is and at the same time
Natori's cheese, right?
me
It will Chai also rotten's what is says I Bock
It is green
to reach
Yup
Wow
Hmmm
Well done
truly
Edamame
I ate Cheetara together after putting it in the mouth for 5 or 6
It will be in the mouth
In terms of western behavior
I 'm reproducing to this cheese bowl is a ball
Hmm
But it may be separate
Eye c cod in the previous Edam is I think the kana good in Chitara
Somehow and have gradually become accustomed
I wonder if the device will be mad
Bought in the shoe bread wear with it
I eat all Yoshio bread, right?
Mermaid take today-to-events Wow
Salted bread salt butter khan
Regards you if you have Onshin salt bread information is also in jail the other was a video called I tried Osabe
You wish
Well then again